Describes regional locations too for 'location' (#491)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/warehouse-profiles/bigquery-profile.md

### Dataset locations

The location of BigQuery datasets can be configured using the `location` configuration in a BigQuery profile.

> `location` can accept one of multi-regional locations or one of regional locations, as [the google cloud official documentation](https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/locations) describes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`location` may be iether a multi-regional location (e.g. `EU`, `US`), or a regional location (e.g. `us-west2` ) as per the [the BigQuery documentation](https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/locations) describes.
```

      method: oauth
      project: abc-123
      dataset: my_dataset

>       location: US # Optional, one of US or EU / one of regional locations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      location: US # Optional, one of US or EU, or a regional location
```
